local feature size for point set processing (#8006)
CGAL/cgal: Point_set_processing_3/doc/Point_set_processing_3/Point_set_processing_3.txt

points that are on sharp edges:
\cgalExample{Point_set_processing_3/edges_example.cpp}

\section Point_set_processing_3LFSEstimation Local Feature Size Estimation

> The function `estimate_local_feature_size()` can estimate the local feature size for each point by giving a raw point set. If the point has no normals, the function can also estimate normals using jet-fitting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function `estimate_local_feature_size()` can estimate the local feature size for each point by giving a raw point set. If the points have no normals, the function also estimates normals using jet fitting.
```
